So these are the main arguements from the White House Defense team that I can recall:
1. Trump is innocent because he said so
2. Trump has every right to ask a foreign country to announce an investigation into his political rival
3. All of the witness testimony is hearsay
4. Sondland said that Trump said that he didn't want a quid pro quo even though he told ukraine thats what he did want
5. The House shouldn't have held depositions in the "bunker of the basement underneath the capital" aka a secure room
6. The more than 40-50 republicans that were permitted to be present during the depositions wasn't enough even though several of them are implicated also
7. Trump is fully authorized to outright deny the legitimacy of the impeachment inquiry even after it has been voted on by the house
8. Trump has every right to refuse to cooporate with impeachment and subpeonas
9. Trump and everyone he chooses has absolute immunity from being compelled to testify
10. The House didn't allow the president's council during depositions, but when they were allowed in judiciary it was to late because they had made up thier mind
11. Abuse of power isn't a crime so it's invalid on it's face
12. Trump has every right to obstruct congress he doesn't like what they are doing
13. Guliani was not working on behalf of any branch of the government, but he was meeting with Ukraines president on behalf of Trumps personal interest
14. The house should have put more of an effort to negotiate for evidence and testimony even though they refused to participate outright
15. The House should have challenged them in court, while In court they are challenging the courts authority decide is invalid
16. Their case isn't strong enough and the proof they have isn't enough proof, but they aren't allowed to investigate further.
17. As long as the president thinks it's for the good of the country then what he is doing cannot be impeachable
18. Since Trump thinks that him being president is in the best interest of the country he is allowed to cheat on elections
19. Trump was legitimately exercising his right to executive privelege without ever claiming executive privelege 
20. Neither the courts Nor congress has the right to contest executive privelege
21. Career diplomats and employees for the DOD, OMB, State Dept, NSC, are all biased nevertrumpers that lie
22. Only the people that agree with the president are telling the truth
23. The entirety of US intelligence community are all nevertrumpers and out to get Trump as well as our allies abroad
24. People in Ukraine criticized in 2016 Trump so that means they illegally tampered with the election
25. Zelensky said publicly that he wasn't being pushed to investigate while standing in the same room as the man pushing him to investigate
26. No Investigation was ever announced so it doesn't even matter that the aid was withheld for corrupt intent
27. The money eventually was released so it doesnt matter
28. 